workspace build command (#3964)
conan-io/docs: incubating.rst

The workspaces feature can be enabled defining the environment variable ``CONAN_WORKSPACE_ENABLE=will_break_next``.
The value ``will_break_next`` is used to emphasize that it will change in next releases, and this feature is for testing only, it cannot be used in production.

Once the feature is enabled, workspaces are defined by the ``conanws.yml`` and/or ``conanws.py`` files.
By default, any Conan command will traverse up the file system from the current working directory to the filesystem root, until it finds one of those files. That will define the "root" workspace folder.

The ``conan workspace`` command allows to open, add, remove packages from the current workspace. Check the ``conan workspace -h`` help and the help of the subcommands to check their usage.

Dependencies added to a workspace work as local ``editable`` dependencies. They are only resolved as ``editable`` under the current workspace, if the current directory is moved outside of it, those ``editable`` dependencies won't be used anymore.

> The paths in the ``conanws`` files are intended to be relative to be relocatable if necessary, or could be committed to Git in mono-repo like projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The paths in the ``conanws`` files are intended to be relative to be relocatable if necessary, or could be committed to Git in monorepo-like projects.
```

conan workspace info
++++++++++++++++++++

Use this command to show information about the current workspace

.. code-block:: bash

   $ cd myfolder
   $ conan new workspace
   $ conan workspace info
   WARN: Workspace found
   WARN: Workspace is a dev-only feature, exclusively for testing
   name: myfolder
   folder: /path/to/myfolder
   products
      app1
   editables
      liba/0.1
         path: liba
      libb/0.1
         path: libb
      app1/0.1
         path: app1

conan workspace open
++++++++++++++++++++

The new ``conan workspace open`` command implements a new concept. Those packages containing an ``scm`` information in the ``conandata.yml`` (with ``git.coordinates_to_conandata()``) can be automatically cloned and checkout inside the current workspace from their Conan recipe reference (including recipe revision).

conan new workspace
+++++++++++++++++++

The command ``conan new`` has learned a new built-in (experimental) template ``workspace`` that creates a local project with some editable packages
and a ``conanws.yml`` that represents it. It is useful for quick demos, proofs of concepts and experimentation.

conan workspace build
+++++++++++++++++++++

> The command ``conan workspace build`` does the equivalent of ``conan build <product-path> --build=editable``, for every ``product`` defined

Reviewer: The `limitations` section has a 
> or does any orchestrated build

notice, should that be clarified further with the new build subcommand?

Author: yes, lets remove it.
